Update exception list summary api doc (#1439)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/exceptions/api-summary-exception-container.asciidoc

    total: 6,
}
--------------------------------------------------

> Note: For a host isolation exception the values for `windows`, `linux`, `macos` and `total` are all the same, as each host isolation exception entry applies to all the OSs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For a host isolation exception, the values for `windows`, `linux`, `macos`, and `total` are all the same, as each host isolation exception entry applies to all operating systems. 
```
